feat(route): add seccon (#11498)
DIYgod/RSSHub: docs/journal.md

### 作者期刊文献

<Route author="harveyqiu" example="/cnki/author/000042423923" path="/cnki/author/:code" :paramsDesc="['作者对应code，可以在网址中得到']"/>

# 安全会议
由于会议页面样式变动...维护成本较高
## CCS
<Route author="ZeddYu" example="/seccon/ccs" path="/seccon/ccs" />
抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始

## S&P
<Route author="ZeddYu" example="/seccon/sp" path="/seccon/sp" />
抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始

## USENIX

> <Route author="ZeddYu" example="/seccon/usenix" path="/seccon/usenix" />

Reviewer: Please use the domain name for path instead of alias, i.e., `/sigsac/something`, `/ieee-security/something` and `/usenix/something`

Author: css change to `/sigsac/ccs`
sp change to `/ieee-security/security-privacy`
usenix change to `/usenix/usenix-security-sympoium`

Reviewer: Maybe I wasn't clear enough. If the domain name is www.sigsac.org, use path like `/sigsac/something` instead of `/seccon/sigsac/something`

### 作者期刊文献

<Route author="harveyqiu" example="/cnki/author/000042423923" path="/cnki/author/:code" :paramsDesc="['作者对应code，可以在网址中得到']"/>

> # 安全会议
> 由于会议页面样式变动...维护成本较高
> ## CCS
> <Route author="ZeddYu" example="/sigsac/ccs" path="/sigsac/ccs" />
> 抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始
> 
> ## S&P
> <Route author="ZeddYu" example="/ieee-security/security-privacy" path="/ieee-security/security-privacy" />
> 抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始
> 
> ## USENIX
> <Route author="ZeddYu" example="/usenix/usenix-security-sympoium" path="/usenix/usenix-security-sympoium" />
> 抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始
> 
> ## NDSS
> <Route author="ZeddYu" example="/ndss-symposium/ndss" path="/ndss-symposium/ndss" />
> 抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ACM Special Interest Group on Security Audit and Control

### The ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security

<Route author="ZeddYu" example="/sigsac/ccs" path="/sigsac/ccs">

抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始

</Route>

## IEEE Computer Society

### IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy

<Route author="ZeddYu" example="/ieee-security/security-privacy" path="/ieee-security/security-privacy">

抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始

</Route>

## USENIX

### Security Symposia

<Route author="ZeddYu" example="/usenix/usenix-security-sympoium" path="/usenix/usenix-security-sympoium">

抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始

</Route>

## Network and Distributed System Security (NDSS) Symposium

### Accepted papers

<Route author="ZeddYu" example="/ndss-symposium/ndss" path="/ndss-symposium/ndss">

抓取的 Papers 从 2020 年开始

</Route>
```
